Document the quests feature (#207)
discord-userdoccers/discord-userdoccers: pages/resources/quests.mdx

| Field             | Type                                                  | Description                                                          |
| ----------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| assignment_method | integer                                               | Unknown integer that controls something related to reward assignment |
| rewards           | array[[quest reward](#quest-reward-structure) object] | Which rewards the user receives upon completing the quest            |

###### Quest Reward Structure

| Field    | Type                                                             | Description                                                                  |
| -------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| sku_id   | snowflake                                                        | Snowflake that specifies the store item to award upon the quest's completion |

> | tag      | integer                                                          | Unknown integer                                                              |

Reviewer: This is this enum:
![](https://i.dolfi.es/qKtJhm6qCT.png?key=7TbvMVrCoeLt8l)

| messages | [quest reward messages](#quest-reward-messages-structure) object | Defines human-readable quest metadata                                        |

###### Quest Reward Messages Structure

| Field             | Type   | Description                                                            |
| ----------------- | ------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| name              | string | The reward's name                                                      |
| name_with_article | string | The article variant of the name (ex. a Cybernetic Headgear Decoration) |

###### Quest Gradient Structure

Represents a 2-point gradient with a `primary` and `secondary` color.

| Field     | Type   | Description                                     |
| --------- | ------ | ----------------------------------------------- |
| primary   | string | The hex-encoded primary color of the gradient   |
| secondary | string | The hex-encoded secondary color of the gradient |

###### Quest Assets Structure

> Represents an object holding image file names. The assets can be accessed via the "Get Quest Asset" endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents an object holding [CDN asset names](/reference#cdn-formatting).
```

| completed_at              | ISO8601 timestamp | When the user completed the quest                                                                                               |
| claimed_at                | ISO8601 timestamp | When the user claimed the quest's reward                                                                                        |
| claimed_tier              | unknown           | Unused                                                                                                                          |
| last_stream_heartbeat_ack | ISO8601 timestamp | Timestamp of the latest stream heartbeat request                                                                                |
| stream_progress_seconds   | ISO8601 timestamp | The total amount of seconds the user has been streaming the game for since the quest started and before the quest was completed |
| dismissed_quest_content   | ISO8601 timestamp | Whenever the user has dismissed the quest                                                                                       |

> | progress                  | object            | Unused object that could have been an early iteration of the user status object                                                 |

Reviewer: Debating whether this should just be removed, since apparently it's a holdout from drops. Not sure how I feel about documenting unknown stuff. It's probably fine for now :p

| tier       | unknown           | Unused - possibly the same as the `claimed_tier` field in the [user status object](#quest-user-status-object) |

###### Example Quest Reward Code

```json
{
  "quest_id": "8206816794116096000",
  "code": "111-1111111",
  "platform": 0,
  "user_id": "222069018507345921",
  "claimed_at": "2077-01-01T18:41:29.706194+00:00",
  "tier": null
}
```

### Quest Claimed Reward Object

Represents the claimed rewards.

##### Quest Claimed Reward Structure

| Field        | Type                                                       | Description                                                    |
| ------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- |
| claimed_at   | ISO8601 timestamp                                          | When the reward was claimed                                    |
| entitlements | array[entitlement object]                                  | The entitlements the user received                             |

> | errors       | array[[JSON error](/topics/opcodes-and-status-codes#json)] | An array of errors that have occured while claiming the reward |

Reviewer: Are you sure this is an array of standard error objects?

Author: That was a guess so I'm not really sure, I'm gonna see what kind of errors it returns in a bit

##### Example Quest Claimed Reward

```json
{
  "claimed_at": "2024-04-17T23:30:41.000321+00:00",
  "entitlements": [
    {
      "id": "1230299425620885624",
      "sku_id": "1226939756617793606",
      "application_id": "1242265603276800000",
      "user_id": "222069018507345921",
      "deleted": false,
      "type": 10,
      "tenant_metadata": {},
      "gift_code_flags": 0,
      "promotion_id": null
    }
  ],
  "errors": []
}
```

## Endpoints

<RouteHeader method="GET" url="/quests/@me">
  Get Available Quests
</RouteHeader>

Returns a list of all available [quests](#quest-object).

> <RouteHeader method="GET" url="/assets/quests/{quest.id}/{theme}/game_tile.png">
>   Get Quest Asset
> </RouteHeader>
> 
> Returns the specified image asset for the theme (e.g dark/light)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This should be documented in the CDN section in reference.md

<RouteHeader method="POST" url="/quests/{quest.id}/enroll">
  Accept Quest
</RouteHeader>

Accepts a quest and returns a [quest user status](#quest-user-status-object) object.

<RouteHeader method="POST" url="/quests/{quest.id}/claim-reward">
  Claim Quest Reward
</RouteHeader>

Claims the quest's rewards, setting the `completed_at` and `claimed_at` fields of the [user status](#quest-user-status-object) to the current timestamp, and returns the [claimed rewards](#quest-claimed-reward-object).

<RouteHeader method="POST" url="/quests/{quest.id}/reward-code">
  Get Quest Reward Code
</RouteHeader>

Retrieves the reward code for the specified platform and returns a [quest reward code](#quest-reward-code-object) object.

###### JSON Params

| Field    | Type    | Description                                                   |
| -------- | ------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | location | integer | Used for analytics (probably)                                 |

Reviewer: Haven't really documented any ?location params anywhere (there's a few scattered around the api) but also not really sure...

| ----------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| quest_id                            | snowflake                                                 | The ID of the quest                                                                                        |
| config_version                      | integer                                                   | Quest object version, self-explanatory                                                                     |
| expires_at                          | ISO8601 timestamp                                         | The expiry date of the quest                                                                               |
| stream_duration_requirement_minutes | integer                                                   | Duration (in minutes) the game must be streamed to redeem the quest's reward                               |

> | messages                            | [quest messages](#quest-messages-structure) object        | Defines quest metadata (e.g human-readable name, game title, publisher and reward redemption instructions) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| messages                            | [quest messages](#quest-messages-structure) object        | Defines quest metadata (e.g, human-readable name, game title, publisher and reward redemption instructions) |
```

Reviewer: sorry😭

| application_id                      | snowflake                                                 | The application ID of the game the quest is for                                                            |
| application_name                    | string                                                    | The name of the quest's application                                                                        |
| get_game_link                       | string                                                    | The download link for the game                                                                             |

> | rewards_config                      | [quest reward config](#quest-reward-config-object) object | Specifies rewards for the quest (e.g collectibles)                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| rewards_config                      | [quest reward config](#quest-reward-config-object) object | Specifies rewards for the quest (e.g. collectibles)                                                        |
```

> | rewards_config                      | [quest reward config](#quest-reward-config-object) object | Specifies rewards for the quest (e.g. collectibles)                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| rewards_config                      | [quest rewards config](#quest-rewards-config-structure) object | Specifies rewards for the quest (e.g. collectibles)                                                        |
```

| 6     | MEMBERS_LIST                  | The quest can be shown in the members list?                    |
| 7     | QUEST_BADGE                   | :menherabuffer: (placeholder)                                  |
| 8     | GIFT_INVENTORY_FOR_ME         | for me??? (placeholder)                                        |

###### Quest Reward Assignment Method

Represents the method used to assign the reward to a user

| Value | Name   | Description                                   |
| ----- | ------ | --------------------------------------------- |
| 0     | ALL    | The reward can be assigned regardless of tier |
| 1     | TIERED | The reward is assigned in tiers               |

###### Quest Reward Type

Represents the type of reward that the user will receive

| Value | Name        | Description                                                        |
| ----- | ----------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| 1     | REWARD_CODE | The reward is a redeemable code                                    |
| 1     | IN_GAME     | The reward is automatically given to the user in the promoted game |

> | 2     | COLLECTIBLE | The reward is a Discord collectible (e.g an Avatar Decoration)     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 2     | COLLECTIBLE | The reward is a Discord collectible (e.g. an avatar decoration)    |
```

| last_stream_heartbeat_ack | ISO8601 timestamp | Timestamp of the latest stream heartbeat request                                                                                |
| stream_progress_seconds   | ISO8601 timestamp | The total amount of seconds the user has been streaming the game for since the quest started and before the quest was completed |
| dismissed_quest_content   | ISO8601 timestamp | Whenever the user has dismissed the quest                                                                                       |
| progress                  | object            | Unused                                                                                                                          |

##### Example User Status

```json
{
  "user_id": "222069018507345921",
  "quest_id": "alien-quest",
  "enrolled_at": "2077-01-01T11:59:59+00:00",
  "completed_at": "2077-01-01T11:59:59+00:00",
  "claimed_at": "2077-01-01T11:59:59+00:00",
  "claimed_tier": null,
  "last_stream_heartbeat_at": "2077-01-01T11:59:59+00:00",
  "stream_progress_seconds": 1800,
  "dismissed_quest_content": 0,

>   "progress": {}

Reviewer: This appears to be a map of strings to an object with schema
```js
{
    eventName: i.event_name,
    value: i.value,
    updatedAt: i.updated_at,
    completedAt: i.completed_at
};
```

No idea what it is though

Author: `updatedAt` could be an early version of `last_stream_heartbeat_at`
same with, `completedAt` it could be an early version of `completed_at` in the user status object

Dunno about `event_name` and `value` though

Author: Resolving for now since I think that object might just be a leftover from when the feature was still called Drops

}
```

### Quest Assets Object

> Represents an object holding image file names, the assets can be accessed via the [quest asset endpoint](#quest-assets-endpoint)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents an object holding image file names, accessed by [retrieving the application's assets](/resources/application#get-application-assets).
```

Reviewer: nvm apparently this is wrong? idk where these come from

| reward_tile    | string | An image showing a preview of the reward                                                                                                            |
| hero           | string | The quest's [hero image](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/hero_image), aka, fancy background                                                          |
| quest_bar_hero | string | The [hero image](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/hero_image) used in the quest popup that appears when launching the game before accepting the quest |
| game_tile      | string | The game's icon                                                                                                                                     |
| logotype       | string | The game's [logotype](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Logo)                                                                                           |

## Example Quest Assets Object

```json
{
  "reward_tile": "reward.png",
  "hero": "hero.png",
  "quest_bar_hero": "quests_bar_hero.png",
  "game_tile": "game_tile.png",
  "logotype": "game_logotype.png"
}
```

> ### Quest Reward Object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Quest Reward Code Object
```
This should probably renamed to reward code object so the other one can be called reward object

| claimed_at | ISO8601 timestamp                          | When the user claimed the quest's reward                                                                      |
| tier       | unknown                                    | Unused - possibly the same as the `claimed_tier` field in the [user status object](#quest-user-status-object) |

#### Example Quest Reward Object

```json
{
  "quest_id": "alien-quest",
  "code": "dolfies-pls-give-me-the-alien-tech-🥺",
  "platform": 0,
  "user_id": "222069018507345921",
  "claimed_at": "2077-01-01T18:41:29.706194+00:00",
  "tier": null
}
```

### Quest Reward Config Object

Represents an object that holds Discord-specific awards for the quest, such as avatar decorations.

###### Quest Reward Config Structure

| Field             | Type                                                   | Description                                                               |
| ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | assignment_method | integer                                                | Unknown integer that controls something related to reward assignment      |

Reviewer: blehh
![](https://i.dolfi.es/5ZHvk8HKcv.png?key=V6UtCVWpZKURcs)

| rewards           | array[[discord reward object](#discord-reward-object)] | Specifies which rewards should the user receive upon completing the quest |

#### Example Reward Config Object

```json
{
  "assignment_method": 1,
  "rewards": [
    {
      "sku_id": "12210381551199193606",
      "tag": 3,
      "messages": {
        "name": "Cybernetic Headgear",
        "name_with_article": "a Cybernetic Headgear Decoration"
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

> ### Discord Reward Object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Quest Reward Object
```
No more collision if the other one is renamed!

Represents a quest's Discord item reward, such as a avatar decoration

###### Discord Reward Config Structure

| Field    | Type                                                                    | Description                                                                             |
| -------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| sku_id   | snowflake                                                               | Snowflake that specifies the store item to award upon the quest's completion            |
| tag      | integer                                                                 | Unknown integer                                                                         |

> | messages | [quest discord reward messages object](#discord-reward-messages-object) | Defines quest metadata like it's human-readable name and an article version of the name |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| messages | [quest discord reward messages](#discord-reward-messages-object) object | Defines human-readable quest metadata |
```

#### Example Discord Reward Object

```json
{
  "sku_id": "12210381551199193606",
  "tag": 3,
  "messages": {
    "name": "Cybernetic Headgear",
    "name_with_article": "a Cybernetic Headgear Decoration"
  }
}
```

### Discord Reward Messages Object

> Represents metadata about a Discord reward, like it's name and an article variant of its name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents metadata about a Discord reward, like it's name and an article variant of its name.
```

These descriptions should have periods !!

###### Discord Reward Config Structure

| Field             | Type   | Description                                                            |
| ----------------- | ------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| name              | string | The reward's name                                                      |
| name_with_article | string | The article variant of the name (ex. a Cybernetic Headgear Decoration) |

#### Example Discord Reward Object

```json
{
  "name": "Cybernetic Headgear",
  "name_with_article": "a Cybernetic Headgear Decoration"
}
```

## Endpoints

<RouteHeader method="GET" url="/quests/@me">
  Get Available Quests
</RouteHeader>

Returns a list of all available [quests](#quest-object)

> ##### Example Response

Reviewer: Unneeded since you already have an example of the quest obj

          "game_publisher": "Dolfies Studios"
        },
        "application_id": "yep",
        "application_name": "Cyberalien 2077",
        "get_game_link": "https://docs.discord.sex",
        "reward_code_platforms": [0],
        "reward_code_expires_at": "2077-01-01T11:59:59+00:00",
        "colors": {
          "primary": "#E944D4",
          "secondary": "#5318A7"
        },
        "assets": {
          "reward_tile": "reward.png",
          "hero": "hero.png",
          "quest_bar_hero": "quests_bar_hero.png",
          "game_tile": "game_tile.png",
          "logotype": "game_logotype.png"
        }
      },
      "user_status": {
        "user_id": "222069018507345921",
        "quest_id": "alien-quest",
        "enrolled_at": "2077-01-01T11:59:59+00:00",
        "completed_at": "2077-01-01T11:59:59+00:00",
        "claimed_at": "2077-01-01T11:59:59+00:00",
        "claimed_tier": null,
        "last_stream_heartbeat_at": "2077-01-01T11:59:59+00:00",
        "stream_progress_seconds": 1800,
        "dismissed_quest_content": 0,
        "progress": {}
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

<RouteHeader method="POST" url="/quests/{quest.id}/enroll">

>   Enroll Into A Quest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Accept Quest
```

Try to keep it a little concise

</RouteHeader>

Enrolls into/accepts a [quest](#quest-object) and returns a [quest user status object.](#quest-user-status-object)

> ##### Example Response

Reviewer: Same here

```json
{
  "user_id": "222069018507345921",
  "quest_id": "alien-quest",
  "enrolled_at": "2077-01-01T11:59:59+00:00",
  "completed_at": null,
  "claimed_at": null,
  "claimed_tier": null,
  "last_stream_heartbeat_at": null,
  "stream_progress_seconds": 0,
  "dismissed_quest_content": 0,
  "progress": {}
}
```

> ##### Example Response
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

<RouteHeader method="POST" url="/quests/{quest.id}/claim-reward">

>   Claim A Quest's Reward

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Claim Quest Reward
```

</RouteHeader>

Claims the quest's reward and sets both the `completed_at` and `claimed_at` fields of the [User Status Object](#quest-user-status-object) to the current timestamp.

> Note that this endpoint _requires_ a valid captcha key.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Captchas should be expected on any endpoiint

> ##### Example Response (Avatar Decorations)

Reviewer: Response structure should be documented here (tho entitlements and other store stuff are currently undocumented, you don't have to document those)

```json
{
  "claimed_at": "2024-04-17T23:30:41.000321+00:00",
  "entitlements": [
    {
      "id": "1230299425620885624",
      "sku_id": "1226939756617793606",
      "application_id": "1096190356233670716",
      "user_id": "222069018507345921",
      "deleted": false,
      "type": 10,
      "tenant_metadata": {},
      "gift_code_flags": 0,
      "promotion_id": null
    }
  ],
  "errors": []
}
```

<RouteHeader method="POST" url="/quests/{quest.id}/reward-code">

>   Fetch The Received Reward Code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Get Quest Reward Code
```

| platform | [platform type enum](#quest-platform-type) | Which platform to retrieve the code for |

#### Example Response

```json
{
  "quest_id": "alien-quest",
  "code": "dolfies-pls-give-me-the-alien-tech-🥺",
  "platform": 0,
  "user_id": "222069018507345921",
  "claimed_at": "2077-01-01T18:41:29.706194+00:00",
  "tier": null
}
```

<RouteHeader method="POST" url="/quests/{quest.id}/reward-code">
  Send Stream Heartbeat
</RouteHeader>

Tells the server to update the `last_stream_heartbeat` and `stream_progress_seconds` fields, and is used for keeping track of how long the stream has been running for and for checking if the user has met the stream duration requirement.

Returns a [quest user status object.](#quest-user-status-object)

###### JSON Params

| Field      | Type   | Description                                                                                                                                                   |
| ---------- | ------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | stream_key | string | A string that is a combination of the guild id, the voice channel id and the user's id. ex. `guild:169256939211980800:1050497861969793164:222069018507345921` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| stream_key | string | The encoded key of the stream (e.g. `guild:169256939211980800:1050497861969793164:222069018507345921`) |
```
An example is fine but this shouldn't be doc'd here as it's common throughout the streams API
